improve gke project-setup doc (#2288)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/gke/deploy/project-setup.md

    Refer to [Anthos Service Mesh documentation](https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs/archive/1.4/docs/gke-install-new-cluster#setting_credentials_and_permissions) for details.

    For more information, see the following issues:

>     * [kubeflow/website #2121](https://github.com/kubeflow/website/issues/2121) Projects which have never had a k8s cluster before might need to create and delete a temp cluster to activate this.

Reviewer: Nit: avoiding acronym like k8s and temp make it easier to read

>     For more information, see the following issues:
> 
>     * [kubeflow/website #2121](https://github.com/kubeflow/website/issues/2121) Projects which have never had a k8s cluster before might need to create and delete a temp cluster to activate this.

Reviewer 2: @theofpa Thank you again. What do you think of this? Rephrased with more context:

```suggestion
    If you encounter a `Workload Identity Pool does not exist` error, refer to the following issue:

    * [kubeflow/website #2121](https://github.com/kubeflow/website/issues/2121)
    describes that creating and then removing a temporary Kubernetes cluster may
    be needed for projects that haven't had a cluster set up beforehand.
```

Author: Much better, thanks @8bitmp3

Reviewer 2: No problem @theofpa If you liked that revision, please implement it and we'll LGTM and approve it asap.
